feat(curriculum): add Block 18 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59670)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-about-adverbial-phrases/6807f237eafb11ce7bbc1b01.md

---
id: 6807f237eafb11ce7bbc1b01
title: Task 48
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-48
---

<!-- (Audio) Sophie: Right now, we're using our central servers. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Right now, we're using our central BLANK.`

## --blanks--

`servers`

### --feedback--

> This refers to computers or systems that provide services or resources to other computers or devices on a network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This word in the plural form refers to computers or systems that provide services or resources to other computers or devices on a network.
```

Author: Again, I take it this is due to the way we've been structuring the feedbacks, but right after I mention 'computers' and 'systems' in the plural. I'm adding those to stick to the structure.

# --explanation--

> A `server` is a computer or a system that provides services, data, or resources to other computers or devices, usually over a network. Servers manage and store information, allowing other devices to access it. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `server` is a computer or a system that manages and stores information, and provides services, data, or resources to other computers or devices, usually over a network. For example:
```
